Fix red text color persisting from message overflow highlight (#4204)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Bugfix: Fixed incorrect red coloring of message input. (#4204)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fixed message input showing as red after removing a message that was more than 500 characters. (#4204)
```
